Privacy Policy

Last updated: 25-04-2023

[JN TECHNOLOGIES] ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Bouncy Snacks mobile application (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected:

Personal Data: While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). This may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, device information, and usage data.

Usage Data: We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

Tracking & Cookies Data:
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Use of Data:
We use the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data:
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to India and process it there.

Security Of Data:
We take the security of your data seriously, and we implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect it against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction, or damage.

However, please remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Disclosure Of Data:
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of our company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Changes To This Privacy Policy:
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at maddalajaggarao5@gmail.com.
